[f] documentation to resolve Bad Request (400) (#12)
ThomDietrich/home-assistant-addons: autossh/DOCS.md

A key pair is generated when the container is first initialized in your environment.
Set this to `true` if you even need to urge to regenerate a key.

## Known issues

### Error on public domain - 400: Bad Request

> Need to add to your `/config/configuration.yaml` this config (see https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/http/#trusted_proxies):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please add the following lines to your `configuration.yaml`. For a description of this security measure see: https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/http/#trusted_proxies
```

```yaml
http:
  use_x_forwarded_for: true
  trusted_proxies:

>     - 192.168.88.88 # Replace this with yours internal Home Assistant IP-address

Reviewer: The number 88 has a bad reputation in my region 🙃

```suggestion
    - 192.168.0.2  # Replace with the internal IP address of your Home Assistant host
```
